List of Sledges

Your the hunk with the funk when the bails go crunk.
Sit down or take a nap. But cut the crap while getting schooled on how to rap.
I go to the gym until I'm fully swoll while you go to the buffet until you're fullyvfull
I'm the teacher that can't be beat. You're the student that can't find his seat!
I'm the theacher that can rock. You're a student that I can mock. Because I have more friends than you have followers on TickTock.
I spit rhymes like the rap gods. You need to turn up the volume on your fake AirPods. Everyone, look at him. See how he nods.
Time to go from small to tall, slow to go and from Mild to Wild.
try to knock me, you'll get mocked, I'll stir fry you in my wok, Your knees are shaking as your brain goes pop, Like a pinch Dr. Spock
You need a lenz to see me driven a benz in my T-ens!
I get paid for my lemonade while you sit in the shade I made and fade.
Through sheer force of will I'm a hip-hop master: you effort is at nill so your a learning disaster
You're at a loss cuz I floss like a boss while I criss cross
From here to Flynn's beach I teach what is just out of your reach
I don’t mean to boast, I don’t mean to brag but you’re the stupidest student when you wag.

After this next toss you'll be at a loss because I floss like a boss while I criss cross.
Just like my parents divorce: that's the end of that partnership.
Make those stumps shake like its an earthquake, you stumble like a royal rumble,  you stutter like porky pig was your mudder,
Your like no-name, I'm like no lame.
Like my parents divorce: that's the end of that partnership.
I'm a slave to the wave and a teaching master, you cave then misbehave and become a disaster
I school fools in the classroom; you squeeze stools in the bathroom!
Expect more like a centaur cuz i'll be your mentor
Time to pump some gas and kick some ass
This is easier than my step-sister.
He's bringing the boom boom to the room room with his zoom zoom.
Getting less shots than an anti-vexer kid.
Blocked like an ex on Facebook
Wickets so easy my step-sister would be jealous.
Time to lick it n rip it before you stick it to the wicket.
Got to risk it to get the bisckit
I'm more ripped than rip-curl you're just a silly little girl
You’re smokenim like fine Cuban cigars.
Hearing more “no”s than Harvey Wineskin’s casting couch
Their dropping faster than Dr. Dre drops beats.
One dream one team.
Lets go fishing boys. Get ready for the catch of the day.
He’s in your store now. Make him pay.
Like me on Tinder. Getting desperate and swipping at everything.
Big scoop: No ice-cream.
You’ve got a restraining order on that batter—he can’t hit you.
The batter is going to smell good because he’s about to be clean bowled.
For cetain you're bringen the hurten.
Singles are good: and there are more singles out here than on Tinder
Rocket, Lock it, put it in your pocket.
You're vampires: you won't die and you are sucking the life out of them
Field of dreams out here boys.
He reminds me of being on Tinder: I swipted at everything and also couldn't connect.
Like the song "London Bridge" they're falling down.
Dave, you belong in a zoo. You're too savge.
Lets put some husttle in our muscle.
Find the glove find the love.
They want runs so they need to risk it for the biscuit.
Fill up with GAS and Kick Some ass.
Hit those wickets like they owe you money.
Wide ones are fine... I've had my fair share and loved em all.
Pitter patter lets get at her.
Put them away like a pair of winter boots.
Drop the cake and get in shape.
How do you get on a plane? You're a weapon zzz!
That was a four for shore
Ah kitten, I'm smitten with the not hitten
X has got the medicine to their runs
Like having a hot cusin, it looked good but you knew you shouldn’t go for it. 
More weights out here then in Arnold Schwarzenegger's gym
Connect the dots
Rockem-sockem
Like my dog: that's a good spot!
Like my wife: I can't get her to try swinging either.
Very confusing. Like my cross dressing unckle. Very confusing bowling.
Such a good nut: squirls would be jeoulous
That bouncer could work in a night club
That's a better line than "to be or not to be" in Hamlet
Lets out him like Tom Cruise in a South Park episode
With X the laddies be callin because with his ballin the stumps be fallin
Like Paulleen Hansen on the project.. very edgy.
This is a worse collapse then the Twin Towers on 911
Lets get him out like Boy George
Like Poke-Mon: Let's catch-em all!
Let's get it on like Donkey-Kong
Pauler the Bawler get's the laddies to hawler.
Let's pop a viagra and keep it up!
Knock him out like he's on a date with Bill Cosbey.
That ball was buzin cusin
Like they say: shit gets wickets and I'm about to take a dump.
Such a good spell we should call you Merllin
Don't feel bad batter, maybe you're good at bowlling.
This guy must have showered today because he's about to be clean bowled.
Better partnership than Batman and Robin 
Doesn't matter but you'l be sadder if ya don't scatter becausue I'm the next batter here to shatter your bladder.
Point to the sky umpire!
Umpire, what's 3-2? Common on, I know you know the answer--just show me!
These guys are like me when I was 18... they just cannot score.
I'm more scared of your bowling than the results of a paternity test.
Be a good camera and focus boys!
Release the beast East!
I haven't seen a nut that good since the end of my favorite Jenna Jaminson movie
Fedex can't make deliveries that good.
Less hits than Tripple-J
